---
author: benrwoodard
comments: true
date: 2010-09-27 15:31:00+00:00
excerpt: "\n\t\t\t\t\t\t"
layout: post
link: http://benrwoodard.wpengine.com/a-good-job/
slug: a-good-job
title: "\n\t\t\t\tA Good Job\t\t"
wordpress_id: 79
categories:
- Family
- Web
tags:
- projects
- spiritual
---


				I was washing windows the other morning and thought of how I would know if I was actually doing a good job at it and feel rewarded in my efforts. I came to the realization that the only way to know that i was doing a good job is by people not noticing the actual in work that I did but experiencing the effects of a job well done. I am not against any leadership making a big deal of someone putting forth good hard effort on a project but if that is all we are working for then I think we miss the purpose of doing the job. <!-- more --> When I am working for the church or my family I hope that they do not respond with an amazement for how hard or fast I do the job. My hope should be that my work allows them to live a life that is un-distracted by my efforts and allows them to concentrate on what their intended purpose is.
To put it simply (if that is possible for me to do), I want my sons to be able to play in the living room with the light that my clean windows allow to come into the room. I want the lesson that I study hard to teach to the teens every Wednesday to reach the heart of my audience and not distract them by trying to 'prove' how hard I studied for it. I guess it isn't so much an after thought but an attitude adjustment before a project begins.  I guess the question would be: Will the job I do distract from or quietly add to the life of someone else?

I know this principle is true for many things I do for others but do you think there is ever a job that would have the goal to be different?		
